the clip of a boat to play for you is
two minutes long it may feel like the
longest two minutes of your life but
stick with me here yet commentary and
analysis afterwards I would like to draw
your attention to the fact that her
reasons for getting involved with
veganism her reasons for becoming vegan
are entirely detached and rational
whereas her reasons for leaving veganism
her reasons are becoming an ex vegan
have to do with desire and it's a sense
of desire that she asserts as
biologically in neatly real I'll just
dive straight into things I became a
vegan yeah like four years ago and I was
driven by environmental sustainability
and climate change reasons for becoming
a vegan at that time I was getting my
undergraduate degree in environmental
science and anthropology so it was like
emergence of like society in humans with
the environment and like the main focal
point where a research was on food
systems and I concluded that the current
food system and where we get our food
and how food is produced in the animal
use associated with that is unacceptable
and I transitioned into a vegan
lifestyle so I was like trying
everything that I possibly could to
avoid switching out of veganism and got
my blood work done and you would think
that vegans are normally deprived and
stuff but I wasn't my iron was on point
because I eat so many greens and yeah my
hemoglobin was good my b12 obviously was
on point like everything was good the
only issue was the low blood pressure
and finally it was like okay I can't
keep living with like coming in and out
of like consciousness in a way and
blacking out multiple times in the
daylight so I introduced
seafood nuts seafood fish and eggs I
just kind of like lived with it and have
been
with it until about one month ago when I
was at the grocery store with my partner
and we both like the chicken both kind
of caught her eyes and he was like
wouldn't chicken be so good I was like
yeah I have so many mental barriers to
eating animal-based foods and I have so
much guilt around introducing animal
foods back into my diet but then it was
just when the chicken off shame came up
it was like I I really want this it was
something like physiological but the
chicken was amazing it was so good I was
like what is this heaven and since then
I have been having chicken about once
every four to five days and my local
oppression symptoms have virtually
vanished disclaimer I am NOT a Christian
I am in fact a very vocal atheist
identify as a nihilist however I can
recognize that Christian culture and
Christian civilization provided people
with a certain kind of education and
awareness in a certain finite set of
themes that is now bit-by-bit
disappearing from our sight so some
things that were not just familiar but
overly familiar just a generation and a
half ago are now becoming obscure and
hard to understand for a new generation
growing up in a much less Christian
society one example of that is the
mentality of desiring the forbidden
fruit objectively a woman is no more
attractive no more appealing no more
sexy when she's dressed up as a nun than
when she's wearing blue jeans and a
t-shirt and yet it was an incredibly
widely attested factor in our culture in
our society in the West that up until
quite recently there were all of these
men with an erotic fascination having
sex with a woman dressed up as a nun now
why would that be they were raised in
school
very often including high school where
there were nuns who were their teachers
and superiors who often were mean to
them who often beat them with a ruler
who spanked them with a ruler they grew
up with these kind of oppressive figures
dressed up as nun females who were by
definition both forbidding and forbidden
they were a symbol of authority they
were a symbol of something unattainable
and of course they might imagine that
underneath the nuns uniform these women
were tremendously beautiful or
attractive there were a lot of people
who grew up with that sexual fascination
and then it was exhibited in a kind of
lifelong fetish this is something
Western civilization was not just aware
of but I think everyone was quite bored
of hearing about I knew a man who
actually was sentenced to prison briefly
he was actually sentenced to prison
because he was a Peace protester he was
an anti-military protester put it that
way you know he was he was sent to
prison briefly as a young man and he had
a lifelong fascination with having sex
with women in police uniform and he once
had sex with a woman who was a judge in
her judges uniform in the judges robes
[Music]
it's not deep but it's real I mean this
kind of fetishism this kind of response
to forbidden fruit again it's something
that just a generation ago people would
have been so familiar with they would
have found it boring to discuss and yet
today I think it's interesting that we
see this phenomenon of you know anti
veganism playing out it seems to me all
the players in the game including pro-v
and critics they really seem to be
unaware of how powerful this type of
desire is and how people rationally or
irrationally like I either either
thinking it through rationally or
without any such steps taken to the mind
they will really assert that their own
desires are in fact innate biological
needs is the most common thing in the
world he's hopeful you want something
but you'd rather believe that you need
something right you actually have a very
fetishistic and kinky reason why this
stuff as a nut as more attractive to you
but you want to think it's something
natural and necessary and innate and
good because you
wanna question psychologically why it is
you you perceive it this way why does
you experience it this way right now in
terms of objective scientific facts here
women who actually choose to become nuns
you know not not if you pay a stripper
to dress up like a nun also coming also
coming to paste your first address of as
police officers and so on all these
other authority figures alright there is
no objective sense in which a woman who
is a nun is more attractive than any
other woman in the same sense can we all
just agree here objectively chicken does
not taste good I'm vegan okay but I
remember the taste of tasted chicken
white chicken breast okay there's a bit
of a greasy taste to it and then
otherwise it's just salt and it's
flavorless chicken has an almost neutral
flavor it almost tastes like nothing
aside from the salt and massive amounts
of salt grata to it and to some extent
the grease of the oil if you're having
chicken that's cooked in a method that
adds a lot of lot of oil and grease to
it right we we know this which peppy
there's really a sense in which you can
even measure what does chicken tastes
like and why is it that in our culture
in all cultures all of these sauces and
spices and oily batters have to be added
to chicken to make it taste like
anything at all all right this young
woman just described to you vividly how
she had this response to seeing chicken
you know she had this response to the
flavor of chicken and she then makes the
leaps of inference that this was a cure
for her medical problems and it does
sound like in her case she had
legitimate medical problems but eating
chicken is not the cure or eating
chicken is not the best of the old be
cure if you have low blood pressure
there must be a better way to deal with
it than eating foods you know to be
unhealthy but that can raise your blood
pressure
Fried Chicken has the cure for load load
load blood pressure what a concept you
should get a peer-reviewed paper on that
this is really ridiculous right but I'm
inviting you here to focus on and really
think about the mentality of forbidden
fruit what is it that made the chicken
seem so fascinating what is it that made
it taste so sweet it was precisely the
sense of being forbidden it was
precisely as she said her own sense of
guilt of challenging that guilt and OH
coming those inhibitions millions of
people are fascinated with that stuff
and I gotta say I feel qualified to
speak on it because I feel none of it to
me there is absolutely nothing that
makes for example a Muslim woman wearing
the headscarf and veil that makes her
more appealing than a woman in blue
jeans and a t-shirt noting the fact that
it's forbidden the fact that it's
mysterious does nothing for me all right
my life is about real relationships with
real people on the basis of real self
knowledge and real mutual knowledge and
real friendship and real common ground
you know I want a woman I can relate to
as an intellectual and want a woman all
the things I want have nothing to do
with this kind of fetish for the unknown
fetish for the unattainable fetish for
the forbidden and the forbidden I don't
fetishize authority figures anyway I
don't relate to any of it so I feel like
I'm standing back with a sense of
perfect attachment here and it's the
strange thing that in 2020 within the
sort of vegan demi-monde see you see
without the only person pointing this
out and saying wait these people these X
vegans for the most part they joined
veganism for these very rational very
detached reasons that they can explain
in so many words in a narrative form
right and then they drop out of veganism
for reasons that are wildly incoherent
that if everything to do with passion
over reason ever to do with desire over
topic their minds and if we go back to
the first premise in the case of this
woman oh oh so you think all of a sudden
you think chicken tastes great when it
has this forbidden quality when you know
you're overcoming the years of guilt and
your ideological commune oh really so
tell me something your entire university
education in ecological science and
anthropology is that worthless now all
the facts and figures that you knew and
shared with the world and cared about
about ecological devastation of
oppression is that all meaningless now
is that what desire means to you or is
it the case that your fetish has to take
a step further that you have to convince
yourself that this fetish or indulging
in is a physiological necessity that
meat is actually a medicine
that cures this mysterious illness you
made up in your own mind that you have
you have to take those further steps
precisely because of this gulf between
what you rationally know what your
ethnic Li committed to and frankly what
turns you on so make sure you give this
video a like and make sure that you
subscribe to my channel I would be very
grateful thank you for tuning in thank
you thank you thank you thank you I'll
see you guys next time